Fixed extension of config file (#5803)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/index.md

title: Configuration File
---

> For Home Assistant Addon installations, the config file needs to be in the root of your Home Assistant config directory (same location as `configuration.yaml`). It can be named `frigate.yml` or `frigate.yaml`, but if both files exist the addon will prefer `frigate.yaml` and ignore the contents of `frigate.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Home Assistant Addon installations, the config file needs to be in the root of your Home Assistant config directory (same location as `configuration.yaml`). It can be named `frigate.yml` or `frigate.yaml`, but if both files exist `frigate.yaml` will be preferred and `frigate.yml` will be ignored.
```
